# ProbabilisticTactics

Authores: Douglas Amante & João Batista | Lucas Lopes

## Introduction
The fundamental process of this system is the connection between objects, so any change of attributes or methods can be
cruising during compilation.

### Concepts & Explication about Methods

The class is based on four key attributes: name, function, escalationOficialName, and escalationOficialNumberShirt.
The name attribute occupies four possible basic formations to be proposed to the technician, being 4-4-2, 4-5-1, 3-4-3 or 5-3-2. The function attribute represents the behavior of respectively each name, normal, warm game, total defense, and total atack.

Describing the attributes escalationOficialName and escalationOficialNumberShirt respectively String arrays and int.
The same ones have the same intention, were created to assist the relation between the classes Players, Escalation and ProbabilisticTacticsProject. Another important detail is the size declared as 11 arrays positions, the size of 11 positions was chosen to represent the 11 players chosen for a given match. Where, the attributes represent the name and number of the shirt of each player chosen for such departure. In the class were declared four methods: bestChoicePlayer, that needs the name and the number of the shirt of the chosen player passed like parameter.
The method SelectionTactic, has an important behavior in our code, the same is the heart of the program. In the same that provides the division
of each problem for its solution, this is all based on a parameter received from type int, which has the role of indicating the team who will play against BITBUCKET.
The methods that have been implemented have many relevant calculations, we have used some relevant theorems of probability to
determine how a team behaves in their games. That is, the same is describing the odds of the team winning, losing or drawing. We have the options to edit or delete tactics, to assist the technician. However, this access is restricted.

### Generation Patters

Certainly, the class generation patters is the most complex with respect to calculations. It receives as parameter the number of players that each position will have, the positions are represented as: GK - Goalkeeper, DC - Defender, RB - Right side, LB - Left back, CDM - Steering Wheel, CAM - Stocking, LW - Left Tip, 	RW - Right Tip, ST - Forward.
As our squad has 40 players, the choice for the 11 players will be based on the analysis of the team that will face BITBUCKET. The players chosen by the positions will always be saved in the respective variables that represent each position of the team.
We considered some important factors for a player to be physically fit to play, all the attributes that were used for this analysis, are presented in the Players class, defined as attributes.
After all patterns generated by the probabilistic calculations, the relation between the Generation Patterns and Escalation classes are most important, by the convergence factor of the chosen ladder and the players that will be part for each position.

### Statistics

It presents three attributes, considering the most fundamental, the game array. It has the interconnection to determine the
results of BITBUKET against its opponents, which have already been realized.
The addgame method is proposed for the users to play with the code, adding games and observing the intention of the project that represents the players' choice for that match and the result will be based on all the statistics generated. As the project is in progress, we will determine the entire project as random and not deterministic.

### Teams

The teams class is considered as fundamental to the data of the opposing teams.
Detailing the Players class, one can believe that it is the whole basis for the calculations generated in the classes cited above, it has a significant number of attributes, this quantity is important so that our patterns are generated with a high confidence.
Some relevant methods are the shutdown of some player. Because it is in the construction phase, the edit method
is still being thought of as being implemented due to the high class connection.


### Conclusions

To finalize the class binding process, we declare the parent class for the whole system, where the main class is being
relevant for the declaration of the records of players and games that at the moment is being static. An important factor is the number of random decisions that were implemented during the process.

#### As previously stated, the project is underway and lacks some possible class bindings.

Good Luck!
